Ok this was a tough one. Having to actually build something in the real world is not that easy.

I had multiple attempts at this. The first time, I went by eye and cut the plastic into, what I saw were, perfectly measured trapezoid pieces. This was clearly not the case when I tried to put them together and they were nowhere near adequate. I used invisible tape to hold the pieces together and that was a design flaw because it did nothing for structural integrity or the clarity of the plastic. 

I scrapped that project and started my next attempt. This time I went to Staples and got me a ruler and some proper scissors. I then called my sisters and asked them for the glue gun we have at my parent's house. I had all the supplies, it was time to work. First, I had to measure out a perfect trapezoid. I made the small side 5cm and the longer side 8.6cm. The height was 6cm. I drew four of them and cut them out. I glued them onto the piece of plastic and cut them out. Then I removed the paper and the glue and then I had to get the plastic pieces together. This was very hard to do with only two hands. I drew a 5cmx5cm square and put a drop of glue on one of the corners and got two of the pieces down. Then I glued the top corners together to get them to hold better. I did the same thing with the other pieces until I had all four stuck together. Now I had the hologram projector, but it was also stuck to the paper it was glued on. I had to tear off the corners of the glued pieces very carefully until it was separated from the paper. I got the structure out intact and now I was ready to try it out.

I downloaded the Sketchfab app on my phone to get my model. I also needed a dark place to try out the hologram projecter. I locked myself in the bathroom and ran the app and loaded up my model. I placed the projector onto my phone which was at full brightness and...

Nothing happened. It didn't work. All that hard work for nothing. I even tried flipping the projector over to the other side, but that only gave me refelections of my model on two of the panels. 
